The new president is Miss Ye Wang Mo Mo
Did you say you wanted to surprise me before?
No more worries about the debt of the son's company
Hey, great.
The silent butler is calling you
Come on up, right?
What are you doing? Go up
Hello everyone Ye Qiuyan
Are you crazy, you dead woman dare to dream?
You hurry up and die for me
Introduce yourself
I am Ye Qiuyan, the eldest lady of the Ye family
Today I will officially succeed my father
Become the president of the Yip Group
Ye Qiuyan, this is not the occasion for you to dress
Mengmeng, hurry up and go up
Don't let this bitch take your place
Kuaimeng
Fake really can't bear it
Let's get the players off the stage together
I'm getting old.
What's going on? Who is the eldest lady?
Everybody, listen to me.
He is fake
Butler, hurry up and get this counterfeit off the stage!
How dare you speak rudely to the eldest lady
You are tired of living
What is it, miss?
How to deal with them both?